to make my sweet P which is the fresh
flower I'm going to make I've taken a
half length piece of number26
wire I'm going to make a little hook on
the end with my pliers and then I'm
going to take a piece of the paste which
I've colored a lilac color I'm going to
touch that to the wire this is going to
make the center of the flower just dip
the wire into a little bit of egg or
edible glue place the wire into the
paste and shape around the end of the
wire first of all into little sausage
shape and then squeeze it at the front
so it's thinner at one side and thicker
at the other and then put that aside to
dry and then I can move on to creating
the petals this is a dried one that I've
got here I'm going to take some of the
paste roll it out and then cut using the
cutters that I've got here I'm going to
begin with this small teardrop cutter
here then the middle petals and then the
outer petals I'm going to roll out the
paste until it is quite thin run in
background for now paste rolls out very
thinly indeed that is what I want for my
flower just lift it up and turn it so
let me paste it real nice and thinly to
cut out the paste I'm going to place it
over the cutter this is a method that I
find works quite nicely especially if
cutters aren't quite flat on the base
then take my finger and rub around the
cut edge to get a nice clean cut I'm
going to place a paste over next cutter
cutting out take away the excess
and then wrap your finger around the
edge and also the larger cutter for the
outside petals rolling over pulling away
the excess and once again rubbing around
now this package that I need for my main
flower I'm also going to do a bad so
I'll cut out another two little petals
and this I will use for my partly open
bed I just need two of those
once the paste has unrolled out I can
then thin my petals by placing them on
to my card surface and I'm going to work
around the edge to give it a little bit
of a frilled edge and also to thin the
edge there and I'm using my modeling pin
to do this the round end here working
around the edge with a small one just
the same way of the two petals for the
bad one I'm going to thin just as it is
and the second one I'm going to elongate
by rolling this a little bit with my
rolling pin so that makes it just a
little bit longer thin around the edge
there just a little bit of excess paste
there which I wanted remove putting up
with my scissors and then I'm going to
use a Dresden tool to indent down the
center of my petals on each on the back
of the larger pin a petal and first of
all going to cut on the back and then
again on the front little one just clip
on the inside and the small one also
taking my dried Center going up a little
bit off my egg white around the back and
towards the front down and press the
wider part of the petal into the center
of the petal now I want to close it to
the base
leave it slightly open in the center and
then pinch at the top to turn it back
just a little a little bit of my egg
quite then and back again press that
into the center of the middle petals
pinch of the base and bring the petals
around slightly
the remaining one again just add a
little bit of a quiet at the base of
that one and attach again just at the
base don't put any a quiet part without
the petal because you want to be able to
position that so it stands well away at
the back of the flower